Fix #1182: Allow killing and removing all spawned containers (#1298)
fabric8io/docker-maven-plugin: src/main/asciidoc/inc/start/_configuration.adoc

| *skip*
| If `true` disable creating and starting of the container. This option is best used together with a Maven property which can be set from the outside.

| *stopMode*

> | How to stop running container, support stopmodes graceful and kill, with graceful being default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies how to stop a running container. It supports the modes `graceful` and `kill` as values, with `graceful` being the default.
```
